+++
title = "Frothers 2024 - Game 4 : Trentham United"
description = "Fourth game of the 2024 season against Trentham United"
author = "Chris"
date = 2024-04-27T12:00:00.000Z
type = "post"
images = [ "/434301070_777280691164252_1032520423504293848_n.jpg" ]
match = true
team = "OG Frothers"
opponent = "Trentham United"
season = "winter"
result = "Win"
frother_goals = 3
opponent_goals = 1
motm = "Mathew Salt"
dotd = "Evan Hanson"
xi_and_subs = [
  "Ryan Kindell",
  "Jacob Williamson",
  "Evan Doube",
  "Chris Chester",
  "Farshid Shokoohi",
  "Milan Mrdalj",
  "Evan Hanson",
  "Lance Molyneaux",
  "Yash Rosario",
  "Yarride Rosario",
  "Mathew Salt",
  "Jack Apperley",
  "Ring-in",
  "Angus Hay-Chapman",
]

[[scorers]]
scorer = "Mathew Salt"
goals = 1
[[scorers]]
scorer = "Yarride Rosario"
goals = 1
[[scorers]]
scorer = "Lance Molyneaux"
goals = 1
+++

Trentham has the reputation as the Stoke of Wellington and this was the equivalent of the distance Derby for the Frothers.

The tone of the match was set straight from Kickoff as dark blue played purple meaning peripheral vision wasn't going to cut it. This paired with a bobbly grass pitch meant that the Frothers fluid midfield transitions were few and far between.

The boys still were able to make headway, a repelled ball fell to **Salty** who could trap and hit it through the keeper to get the lead.

> 1-0

The Frothers started getting a bit more confident and **Yarride** managed to turn in the box just in time for the keeper to have a bite and conceed a penalty. With $10 on the line **Yarride** was a little hesitant to take the penalty, but he need not have worried.

> 2-0

Trentham were able to make the most of one of their attacks with a seemingly endless dribble that resulted in a curled shot around **Ryan**.

> 2-1

The Frothers were able to get the two goal leaf back quickly. A beautiful lofted ball over the top by Fashids Ringin just missed Yarride, went under the keeper, and sat for **Lance** to tap home

> 3-1

## Halftime

Nothing really happened in the second half apart from a load of missed chances.

## Man of the Match
**Salty** picks up the award this week for his first goal of the season and a fantastic attempt at a bicycle kick.

## Dick of the Day
Lots of contenders for this award this week. The boys must have been checking out their totals, which have recently become visible, and reckon they can challenge the king **Charles** this season. **Farshid** gets a nod for pretending he was injured all week and then sitting on the sideline for approx 10 seconds before pulling somebody off.

Anyone who took a corner that didn't make it past the 18 yard box, with a special mention to **Milan** who ran up from the back to drag someone else off and then dribble a kick to the first man.

The award ultimately goes to **Evan H**, who:
1. Got in an arguement with the ref over a corner, pretty sure he called him Sir.
2. Got in an arguement with a ring-in over getting in each other's ways when 3-1 up
3. Delaying kick-off as he dissapeared to go to the bathroom