+++
title = "Frothers 2024 - Game 5 : Porirua Super Battlers"
description = "Fifth game of the 2024 season against Porirua Super Battlers"
author = "Yarride"
date = 2024-05-11T12:00:00.000Z
type = "post"
images = [ "/354463905_719449723523691_6610508785232527292_n.jpg" ]
draft = true
match = true
team = "OG Frothers"
opponent = "Porirua Super Battlers"
season = "winter"
result = "Win"
frother_goals = 3
opponent_goals = 1
xi_and_subs = [
  "Ryan Kindell",
  "Ian Rayns",
  "Evan Doube",
  "Farshid Shokoohi",
  "Milan Mrdalj",
  "Patrick Cameron",
  "Jacob Williamson",
  "Yarride Rosario",
  "Evan Hanson",
  "Jack Apperley",
  "Mathew Salt"
]
motm = "Milan Mrdalj"
dotd = "Farshid Shokoohi"

[[scorers]]
scorer = "Evan Hanson"
goals = 1
+++

In a clash that had the intensity of a Sunday roast showdown, Frothers FC squared off against the infamous Munches, known for their snack-sized attacks and saucy plays.

Decked out in regal purple, Frothers FC took to the pitch against the yellow-clad Munches, ready to serve up some football magic. But before the game even began, Farshid, in a noble act of sacrifice akin to offering up the last slice of pizza, relinquished his midfield spot to the formidable Chris.

The match kicked off with all the finesse of a bull in a china shop, as both teams battled for supremacy. Frothers drew first blood with a goal straight off the corner menu, courtesy of Evan's gourmet delivery and Lance's voracious appetite for scoring.

> 1-0

But Munches, ever the opportunists, capitalised on a rare Frothers defensive slip-up to level the playing field, much to the dismay of Frothers' faithful.

> 1-1

## Half time

As the second half unfolded like a suspenseful thriller, with only one substitute warming the bench for Frothers, Munches cranked up the heat, pressing relentlessly. Yet, Frothers' defence stood tall, like an impenetrable fortress manned by knights in purple armour. A big shout out to Milan for outstanding performance in holding mid.

Then, in a moment of pure footballing poetry, Frothers won a free-kick smack dab in the midfield. Salty, with the precision of a seasoned chef, whipped in a cross that would make Beckham proud. Evan, channelling his inner Bergkamp, pulled off a move so silky it could rival a spa day and buried the ball in the back of the net.

> 2-1

But wait, there's more! Enraged by their inability to breach Frothers' defences, Munches doubled down on their aggression. Yet, Frothers remained unfazed, winning back possession with the grace of ballet dancers. Lance, with a through ball that sliced through Munches like a hot knife through butter, found Salty, who delivered a finish so sublime it left spectators questioning if they were witnessing a football match or a Michelin-starred culinary display.

> 3-1

As the game neared its conclusion, Munches, feeling the sting of defeat, resorted to physicality. Ever the cunning strategist, Farshid seized the opportunity to play mind games, frustrating the opposition and running down the clock like a seasoned chess grandmaster. The referee, perhaps sensing the impending eruption of chaos, mercifully blew the final whistle, putting an end to Munches' misery.

## Man of the match

In a performance worthy of standing ovations, both Milan and Evan shone like supernovas, with Milan orchestrating the midfield with the finesse of a maestro and Evan leaving his mark with a goal and assist. Both Milan and Evan were crowned joint recipients of the Man of the Match award.

## Dick of the day

In a twist of fate, Farshid, despite his valiant efforts on the field, snatched the title, proving that sometimes even heroes can't escape the clutches of comedic mishaps. His crime? Getting a little too ahead of himself and literally putting his head where it didn't belong, earning him a place in the annals of Frothers' folklore.
