+++
title = "Frothers 2024 - Game 2 : Salmon FC"
description = "Second game of the 2024 season against Salmon FC"
author = "Chris"
date = 2024-04-13T12:00:00.000Z
type = "post"
images = [ "/434496666_1484072892320197_3765026822170985431_n.jpg" ]
match = true
team = "OG Frothers"
opponent = "Happy Feet"
season = "winter"
result = "Win"
frother_goals = 15
opponent_goals = 1
xi_and_subs = [
  "Ryan Kindell",
  "Jacob Williamson",
  "Farshid Shokoohi",
  "Chris Chester",
  "Milan Mrdalj",
  "Patrick Cameron",
  "Evan Hanson",
  "Lance Molyneaux",
  "Jamie Bunting",
  "Yash Rosario",
  "Yarride Rosario",
  "Ian Rayns",
  "Patrick Moore",
  "Jarrod Murray"
]

[[scorers]]
scorer = "Yash Rosario"
goals = 4

[[scorers]]
scorer = "Yarride Rosario"
goals = 3

[[scorers]]
scorer = "Jamie Bunting"
goals = 2

[[scorers]]
scorer = "Jarrod Murray"
goals = 2

[[scorers]]
scorer = "Ian Ryans"
goals = 2

[[scorers]]
scorer = "Jabob Williamson"
goals = 1

[[scorers]]
scorer = "Patrick Cameron"
goals = 1
+++

The Frothers return with a bang!

## First Half

The game kicked off with the Frothers playing some possession football. Far less hairy than last week, the Frothers midfield and backline were ticking along well.

The first goal was courtesy of a handy deflection off **Bunting's** shot, but the Frothers were willing to take it any way they could.

> 1-0

**Yash** was then freed down the right and pressed into the box. Haters will say it was a cross, but it was into the back of the net.

> 3-0

## Half-time

The boys were feeling comfortable and wanted to test their ability to control a match in the second half.

It didn't take long to extend the lead. Bunting hit a shot off from under the crossbar.

> 4-0

The boys then took off 🚀 and put on a show for the fans that came down.

Special shout-outs for Ian, scoring his first Frothers goal(s). 

## Man of the Match

## Dick of the Day
