+++
title = "Frothers 2024 - Game 4 : Trentham United"
description = "Fourth game of the 2024 season against Trentham United"
author = "Chris"
date = 2024-04-27T12:00:00.000Z
type = "post"
images = [ "/20240407123236_IMG_0770.JPG" ]
draft = true
match = true
team = "OG Frothers"
opponent = "Porirua Super  Battlers"
season = "winter"
result = "Win"
frother_goals = 3
opponent_goals = 1
xi_and_subs = [
  "Ryan Kindell",
  "Jacob Williamson",
  "Evan Doube",
  "Chris Chester",
  "Farshid Shokoohi",
  "Milan Mrdalj",
  "Evan Hanson",
  "Lance Molyneaux",
  "Yash Rosario",
  "Yarride Rosario",
  "Mathew Salt",
  "Jack Apperley"
]
motm = "Mathew Salt"
dotd = "Evan Hanson"

[[scorers]]
scorer = "Mathew Salt"
goals = 1

[[scorers]]
scorer = "Yarride Rosario"
goals = 1

[[scorers]]
scorer = "Lance Molyneaux"
goals = 1
+++

After 90 minutes of awful finishing against Trentham, all the blame was deflected to the state of the grass pitch at Davis Field. This Sunday, with the Frothers were back at Wellington High, the forwards keen to prove to the haters that a good turf is all they need. A beautiful Sunny Sunday meant no excuses this time round and the Porirua Super
Battlers had an air of confidence about them walking on to the pitch, or maybe that was the 3 players vaping as the ref blew his whistle.

**Yarride** and **Salty** in particular were looking to make amends and the Football Gods were welcoming in their pursuit of redemption. After a multitude of 1-on-1s were missed last week,** Evan H **put **Yarride** through on goal within 5  minutes, and he easily slotted it past the keeper for 1-0.

> 1-0

For **Salty**, it was the back post finish that proved his kryptonite 7 days earlier, but as **Jack** put a sumptuous cross on a plate for him, his touch into the net was all class this time around.

> 2-0

Maybe it was too easy to start off, or maybe it was the leadership team of **Lance** and **Chris** being away, or maybe it was 3 young subs Porirua pulled out of nowhere but all of a sudden they were on top. Unable to get it past the midfield, a few of the Froth had “WTF” looks on their faces, but thankfully the defence was able to stay strong through this period. Eventually the boys were able to get back into the attacking half, where **Salty** set up **Yarride** on the edge of the box to flick pass his defender and cut back on to the left to score the team’s 3rd.

> 3-0

A quick free kick then led to **Evan H **setting up **Jacob** for an open goal to make it 4-0 at half time.

> 4-0\
>
> Talk of switching positions was put on hold due to the challenge posted
> by Porirua but a team talk based on just not playing as shit seemed to
> work wonders. The Froth Machine rolled through the gears in the second
> half with some nice link up between Evan and Yarride being well kept out
> by their goalie only for Jack to finish on the follow up for his first
> club goal. Yarride then scored his hat-trick with Farshid setting him
> through on goal before Evan H became the 12th different Frother to score
> in the first 5 weeks  of the season . The American’s header hung for an
> age in the air, looping over the keeper and dropping under the
> crossbar.
> After 7 goals scored, focus turned to whether or not the Frothers would
> finally keep a clean sheet this season. Farshid took this challenge
> personally, conceding two yellow card offences in 5 minutes to stop
> Porirua attacks. The referee must have left his cards at home, but the
> team decided he was due a sub and Salty moved to the backline in his
> place. Soon after Evan D had a Doubeious handball call go against him
> and Porirua had a penalty. Farshid took the chance while everybody was
> distracted to sub himself on up front for the final 15 minutes. Porirua
> did convert from the spot to break Frother hearts and dirty their sheets
> once again.
> The game was won. The clean sheet was gone. The only question was
> whether or not Farshid would score. And the answer to that was a
> resounding no with many of his teammates commentating on how happy they
> were to see him miss out. Farshid did score himself a unanimous Dick of
> the Day though.
> Yarride took Man of the Match but it could have gone to a number of
> lads. 4 straight wins for the men in purple and they will hoping to take
> that form into the new Division 1 League.
